This article is about a study, trying to see if there is a relation between online incivility and its impact on people's opinion. In order to do this, they made a survey on the internet (so that they have people accustomed to use it) on a specific subject : nanotechnologies. This subject was used because it is a leading edge technology, and people are, quite often, using shortcuts to imagine what it is, and thus, being more receptive to aggressive comments. 
These people were showed different articles along with their comments, that can be more or less civil, and asked to rate them. This study also aims at knowing what could influence the most these people : familiarity with the topic, support of the issue or religiosity. That is why they were also asked some other questions, like how religion influence their opinion in everyday life, or if they read often news concerning nanotechnologies, and so on. In order to prove they had a very large panel of the population, they also asked people doing the survey their age, sex, socioecnomic status and attention paid to news related to leading edge technologies and science. 
The results show that apparently, online incivility is not directly related to the opinion of people concerning nanotechnologies. However, there seems to have a relation when considering support to the topic or religion. Comparing two people being familiar with the topic, someone exposed to uncivil comments will have a better opinion on the nanotechnologies then someone exposed to civil comments. The same way, between two people having the same high level of religiosity, the one exposed to uncivil comments will have a worse opinion on nanotechnologies than the one exposed to civil comments.
However, this study still can be discussed. For instance, they did not really measured the familiarity with the nanotechnologies precisely, and the data is explained at only 17% at the end, which can be found to be very low knowing all the data they had. On top of that, they did not test the efects of manipulation, like if a comment with hope could have more influence on some people or not. This is left for a future study. 
(Just don't show this to our statistics teacher. That would drive him mad. Because doing a least square for this kind of study, there is just no sense. I mean, they had only two classes... Well, anyway.)
